#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   kombu
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.34.135
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.34.135
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-completion==4.6.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   event-tracking
event-tracking==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   build
    #   keyring
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via keyring
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==5.3.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.1
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
keyring==25.2.1
    # via twine
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.3.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
newrelic==9.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.17
    # via readme-renderer
openedx-django-pyfs==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
openedx-events==9.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   event-tracking
openedx-filters==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pkginfo==1.10.0
    # via twine
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.14.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via build
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   edx-completion
    #   event-tracking
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   xblock
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.7.1
    # via twine
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   doc8
    #   pytest
twine==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   rich
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   twine
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
xblock[django]==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   xblock-utils
xblock-utils==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
